Hubspot data pipeline updates (#581)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/bizops/index.md

Every underlying data source (not chart!) is assumed to always be up-to-date unless noted otherwise.

> * HubSpot data: Every week on Sunday night or Monday morning, BizOps triggers [scripts](https://github.com/sourcegraph/analytics/tree/master/HubSpot%20ETL) that retrieve data from HubSpot and upload it to BigQuery. As a result, HubSpot data in Looker is currently not updated daily, only weekly.  If you have a particular reason you need the latest update during the week, mention @ericbm in the #analytics channel in Slack. The [lead-generation](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16S3xlcY7DmpcfKZYD-3VHUsaPLiYHyisu8cD_gZpv0Q/edit#gid=0) from HubSpot are triggered by Zapier and always up-to-date. [Marketing operations](../marketing/marketing_operations.md#maintaining-data-pipelines) has more information on lead-gen events. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### HubSpot

Every Sunday night or Monday morning, [BizOps scripts](https://github.com/sourcegraph/analytics/tree/master/HubSpot%20ETL) are triggered to retrieve data from HubSpot and upload it to BigQuery. As a result, HubSpot data in Looker is updated weekly, not daily.  If you need the latest data during the week, mention @ericbm in the #analytics channel in Slack.

[Lead-generation](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16S3xlcY7DmpcfKZYD-3VHUsaPLiYHyisu8cD_gZpv0Q/edit#gid=0) from HubSpot is triggered by Zapier and is always up-to-date. [Marketing operations](../marketing/marketing_operations.md#maintaining-data-pipelines) has more information on lead-gen events. 
```

> * HubSpot data: Every week on Sunday night or Monday morning, BizOps triggers [scripts](https://github.com/sourcegraph/analytics/tree/master/HubSpot%20ETL) that retrieve data from HubSpot and upload it to BigQuery. This does mean that currently our HubSpot data in Looker is not updated during the week. If you have a particular reason you'd like it to be updated during the week, mention @ericbm in the #analytics channel in Slack. The [lead-generation events](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16S3xlcY7DmpcfKZYD-3VHUsaPLiYHyisu8cD_gZpv0Q/edit#gid=0) from HubSpot are triggered by Zapier and always up-to-date. [Marketing operations](../marketing/marketing_operations.md#maintaining-data-pipelines) has more information on lead-gen events. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* HubSpot data: Every week on Sunday night or Monday morning, BizOps triggers [scripts](https://github.com/sourcegraph/analytics/tree/master/HubSpot%20ETL) that retrieve data from HubSpot and upload it to BigQuery. As a result, HubSpot data in Looker is currently not updated daily, only weekly.  If you have a particular reason you need the latest update during the week, mention @ericbm in the #analytics channel in Slack. The [lead-generation](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16S3xlcY7DmpcfKZYD-3VHUsaPLiYHyisu8cD_gZpv0Q/edit#gid=0) from HubSpot are triggered by Zapier and always up-to-date. [Marketing operations](../marketing/marketing_operations.md#maintaining-data-pipelines) has more information on lead-gen events. 
```
